Now, when they create a user account, they want to fetch this role and assign argues in that particular
role so far that they stop the application and go back here.
We will be working on the register page model.
We will work on the post handler because here we will be receiving the request when the register button
is clicked.
We are creating a user here.
And once the research is successful, we want to assign the role that was selected to the user as well.
So once the user has been created successfully, we can check the value off road so we can have an if
condition.
And on the input model, we have the role that will be populated because if we go to register, we are
finding that to input that room so we can extract that here and we can check if user darkroom is now
in that case.
Let's create a user with the default individual user role, which will be the end customer.
So to assign a user role?
We will have to await.
We have the user manager on that.
We have a method actor told a saying.
Make sure you use add to roll and not add to the thoughts process used for multiple roles that you want
to assign to weight user.
We just want to assign one role.
So in here first, we need to pass the user object.
And next is that only that is inside static details.
We have the user individual that is the lowest role that we have in our website, which is like an end
user coming to our website and browsing our website.
Then in the as part input, that role is populated.
We want to assign user manager start to roll.
A single user object should be assigned a role that was selected.
So we want to assign the role of input Dockrell.
So this looks great, but let's run the application and see this in action.
Let me register as an admin user with a select group of admin, and let's register.
Great use that has been created here, but let's go to a database to validate everything.
Let me refresh the table here and you see admin at darknet mastery.
One thing that will be different here is if you go to the right on, the properties are populated with
the phone number, but you can see the discriminator application user because they use user type that
we are creating now is application user.
So that is working as expected if we go to the ASP.NET Rhodes table.
We have the admin drawer and the idea of federal and training a.
Now, the mapping table that maps the rules and the user is the Espiner user draws table, it will only
have one entry.
This is the new user that we just created.
And you can see the roll ID is 28.
That means this user was assigned the role of admin successfully.
Support, in fact, we can see how useful to help.
My thoughts are with you as a manager and role manager.
Let me go back out and let me try to register a user without selecting any role.
So if it did not select any rule and hit the register button, the default rule of individual user should
be assigned.
Let's execute this.
The new user card, created with a rule of six a let's see that ESPN had rules.
The one ending and 60 is the individual rule so perfect that it's working as expected.
Next, what I want to do is we have companies right here.
So when they on register and if you want to register a company account, I want to display in a dropdown
here the list of all the companies so that I can use it can select that and click the register button.
Let's do that in the next video.